Hurricane Katrina may extend from
Southeast Louisiana all the way into
Kentucky and gossiped off you blacks
from the Lower Ninth
[Music]
no you've locked down I don't know how
you do it I think it's love man
you got a wife and a son now you won't
have to deal with this type of
assistance the Ninth Ward isn't covered
first day flutters then they pushing us
out this happens just how they wound why
don't we talk to your cousin that dude
again saying he made me nervous and what
the hell are we
we ain't no gangster it's our only
option
this morning Don first all right we
ain't that different many for money
perfectly good hacks paying casino was
hit drink got my money
we got to walk the play we gotta figure
something out fast
you got trouble boy
you're recognized what you--what would
yes is going on
this will do some problem
[Music]
I think they in trouble is a war going
on you don't know about
everything got down by the Lord night
was fine now before I show us
[Music]
Katrina has always been wettest set a
bunch of different names
[Music]
you